
--------------- 2 -------------------

AFK Human Resources was established in 2010 with the aim of meeting the periodic human resources needs of companies, institutions and organizations with our promising young people and experienced management team.

Since 2010, as a team, we have participated in many fairs, concerts, festivals, congress and meeting organizations.

Thanks to our cooperation with the universities of our country, we are proud of opening job doors for our young people in many sectors and being a great team together with them.

With our in-office personnel support service, we reduce the workload of companies and support cost management in many important issues such as personnel selection and placement, personnel and labor law compliance, wage management.

Together with our young and dynamic team, we aim to shed light on the future and try to add more added value to you.


------------- 3 --------------------

Our Services

Congress, Seminar, Meeting, Organization

Promotion and Stand Hostess

LCV Hizmeti

Data Entry Service

Temporary Office Staff Service

Logistics

Fuar Catering Hizmetleri / Coffee Break

Model Service


------------- 4 ---------------------


As AFK Human Resources, we provide professional team support to congresses, seminars and meetings held throughout Turkey.
 We make a difference with our host/hostess and supervisor teams in your congresses, meetings, seminars, dealership meetings and similar events.


Firms need many marketing activities to promote brands, products and services.  It is a well-known fact in marketing how much the promotion of a product or service rises with a successful interview.
 The stand hostess will be the most important face of your brand for your potential customers during the event.
 The experienced stand hostess team of AFK Human Resources takes part in fairs, congresses, meetings, markets, shopping malls and all marketing activities.

It is very important for efficiency to fully confirm the participation of the participants in all your organizations such as Congress, Symposium, Conference, Meeting, Dealer Meetings, Opening, Wedding, Gala, Launch, Invitation and Cocktail.  We use many methods to clarify the attendance status of your guests in your organization and we will report to you as soon as possible.  All you have to do is enjoy your organization.


Due to your industry or work area, you may have intensive data entry and data editing processes in certain periods.  One of the most important requirements of the communication age we live in is to create data/data and take actions by evaluating this data correctly.  In line with the details you want, we provide personnel service to enter data with or without a computer.  You can benefit from this service locally in many provinces of Turkey, especially in Istanbul.


------------- 5 ------------------

The Temporary Office Personnel Service, which we provide to our business partners who need periodic personnel in the office or in the field, offers flexible and practical solutions to your company.  Our temporary authorized personnel enable you to easily make up for the missing workforce in cases where your employees are on maternity leave, military leave or annual leave, as well as seasonal workloads.
 Jobs such as data entry, enveloping, labeling, secretarial, calling customers by phone, form evaluation, updating information, editing the guest list, copying thousands of pages cause your permanent employees to be unable to do their own work.  Periodic office personnel, on the other hand, do these jobs frequently in many companies, so more efficient results are obtained in these studies.

It is an important service to eliminate the fatigue or troubles you experience in transportation during your travel.  You can get transfer service from AFK Human Resources in your congresses, conferences, meetings and all your organizations.
 You can offer the best quality transfer service to you and your guests with our experienced, hardworking and presentable teams who have a good command of a foreign language.


Coffe Break is the type of organization where small snacks are usually served alongside hot drinks such as tea and coffee.  AFK Human Resources provides services to companies and private organizations with its own catering brand.  It is offered after the morning opening and lunch of events such as fairs, meetings, congresses and seminars.  One of the most important factors in achieving a good result in catering service is the suitability of the fair hostess or other personnel provided with the catering service.
 We, as AFK Human Resources, direct our fair hostesses who will represent you in a nice way and host your visitors better for the services of the catering service as well as the quality products and quality service we provide.


In many cases, the activity you perform, the fair you attend or the gala you organize should visually appeal to your participants and customers.
 Promotion of the product or service offered by your company in fair promotions, distribution of necessary promotional brochures about the company, etc.  provides activities.  Making a good presentation to people at events is a very important element for the company to develop at the desired level.  Therefore, the model and model service prepares the ground for a good preview for your company.


------------- Ekleme ---------------

Weddings
We offer a comprehensive range of services personalized to meet the vision and budget of any client. We expertly design and execute every event detail, assuring our client and their guests can simply sit back and take pleasure in the moment. The process typically starts with an initial meeting to understand your vision, taste and style. We review the event concept together and examine the logistics, planning schedule and essentials necessary to bring it to life.

​
Galas
As AFK Human Resources, we prepare all kinds of plans and programs for you and your guests to be satisfied with corporate gala nights, exclusive and rich menus in the most special venues.  We plan your night by considering every detail from the choice of venue to the entertainment planning in line with the concept of your night and the hosting of the guests.

Red Carpet affairs

Our creative team transforms everyday spaces into a personalized and exciting experience. Whether you are planning for a large-upscale reception or, a humble party for two, our team brings to life the lure of a grandeur gala, the romantic charm of a modest occasion, and the memorable moments of an intimate soiree - It is our mission to “roll out the red carpet” for you.








